Added sync mode (#21)
mcollina/sonic-boom: README.md

file descriptors.

This implementation is partial, but support backpressure and `.pipe()` in is here.

> However, it is 2-3x faster than Node Core `fs.createWriteStream()`:

Reviewer: has the number dropped because Node's gotten faster?

Author: Yes! 🚀 

I also adjusted the benchmark to be more realistic

The second argument is the minimum length of the internal buffer that is
required before flushing.

> The third argument is a flag that make SonicBoom work synchronously or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third argument is a flag that, when true, causes `SonicBoom` to perform synchronous writes.
```

> not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
